Initial testing build for Tiny68K

You need a disk image with the boot loader on LBA 1 and the kernel on LBA 2+
Block 0 should hold a partition table and you must have a swap partition (type
7F).

To get us going and also debug some userspace problems along the way (32 bit
cleanliness, alignment) we are pretending to be a tiny system with only
enough RAM for one process at a time. It'll do to get us up and going.

Unsupported right now:
- RTC
- Detect if monitor is loaded high and if so avoid it
- Trapping back into monitor if high
- Reboot

Known problems
--------------

vi is not getting built linked as such

vile exits without a message

pagesize is not meaningful

68010 support - frame sizes needed but also the code to deal with move
to/from sr from user

Core dumps are unfinished (need to include trap frame info and a lot
more)

Select doesn't work (need new hash algorithm for bigger setups)

Scheduler
	- linked list of runnables for big boxes
	- linked list of alarm/timer uses (and need to wrap setting into
	  a function or on small boxes trivial define)

(CURSES lib) invaders always reports that the terminal is too small
(stty reports rows cols correctly)


Is the header and binary start mismatch right (seems to be 0x48 v 0x44)

cpuinfo does not support 68K. Need to probe in kernel and add a new devsys
ioctl to hand back an arch specific blob ?

We don't yet have a vfork or posix spawn. That causes a lot of extra copying
of memory.

We need to debug the fast memory copy/clear, write an exchange and wire them
all up. That will help a bit on the memory copying cost.


To Do
-----

Propogate synchronous trap changes to Z80+MMU and Z180 illegal and maybe
generically jp 0 and 0 corruptor ?

Clean up switchout/switchin/dofork/forkreturn. We only ever return from a
fork() as the parent so the d0.w push/pop can go everywhere

68K has space to add ptrace?

Better binary format.

Look into posix spawn functions or vfork and if /bin/sh can use them

Longer term split into multiple segments (code R/O uncopied, data/stack etc
copied)

DONE Add a 'user touches kernel' catcher on the debug/sim
DONE ps user/kernel include mismatch error
DONE (libc bug) calendar does not put a : before 'cannot open file'
DONE fsh editing does not seem to work (build bug ?)
DONE (longjmp bug) sh exit command touches blows up
DONE levee just exits (bug in execve) now correctly says too big
DONE startrek pauses before hit any key to accept message
DONE (sh longjmp bug) init forgets to run the bootwait stuff
DONE (sh longjmp bug) shutdown doesn't
DONE chmem does not support 68K (and fixed size too)
DONE Traps need to report their actual trap number and the correct type and
     frame (optionally for userspace)
DONE Trap need to report extra frame info (eg address of bus error)
DONE We ssig on a trap, but for a synchronous trap we need immediate delivery
     and ssig does not ensure that. What else is needed ? - chksigs and trap
     exit path with signal ?
	- Directly check masking on our trap
	- If blocked RTE back
	- If uncaught act immediately (ignore or kill)
	- If vectored push pending signal back, push frame and RTE
	  through that frame direct to a signal handler.
DONE (preempt bug I think) Sometimes get a trap then it repeats
    (various panics - trap then nready panic, switch fail etc)
DONE Trap/signal recovery is broken somewhere. Easy way to see is when we get
     a hail of errors from fforth. We eventually blow up with signal in kernel mode
DONE Something null pointers at boot time (sh)
	- sh null pointers on ">/var/run/utmp". Historic bug in xec().
DONE Should sh report (core dumped)?
DONE fweep needs to build differently for 68K (and build v1-v8)
DONE (longjmp bug) fforth doesn't work (panic data stack underflow and traps out)
DONE Signals need to include trap frame on stack and unwind it or siginfo ptr
or somesuch ?
DONE Pick a final trap number that is clear of any interesting emulations
DONE Switch from one process in memory model to flat model with parent first
     and child custom stack build
DONE All I/O going via buffers
DONE Dynamic udata allocation
DONE Do we need the extra irqstack any more ?
DONE Move lots of p68000.S code into lowlevel-68000.S
DONE Need some kind of CPU specific C file (or a general one with ifdefs ?) and
     then move lots of platform/main.c into it.

